---
title: About Me
---

Hello👋 my name is Oualid, and I became passionate about <span class="keyword">Web Development</span> in 2013 at the age of 18. That was because I used to customize some <span class="keyword">web pages</span> by learning <span class="keyword">HTML</span> and <span class="keyword">CSS</span>, then transforming a simple template into an original one. Since that early period, the creation of <span class="keyword">digital experiences</span> has been a thing that captivated me. I pursued a DEC in 2015 to enhance my technical knowledge after my baccalaureate. By 2017, I was bound for a career. My career started after one year of rigorous training and internships.

Since then, I have worked on almost everything imaginable: managing <span class="keyword">servers</span> to optimizing <span class="keyword">backend performance</span>, <span class="keyword">debugging</span> in <span class="keyword">production</span>, and building scalable <span class="keyword">platforms</span> from scratch. I have had the opportunity to use most of the popular <span class="keyword">frameworks</span> and <span class="keyword">technologies</span> on my path, honing my skills in <span class="keyword">Laravel</span> and <span class="keyword">Nuxt</span>, along with getting hands-on experience with <span class="keyword">Docker</span>, <span class="keyword">Git</span>, and <span class="keyword">Linux</span>.

Over time, I’ve come to value how <span class="keyword">Laravel</span> elevates <span class="keyword">PHP</span>, simplifying the creation of even the most complex <span class="keyword">applications</span>. I'm seeking a role at the forefront of innovative platforms that challenge norms and demand top-notch solutions. I am dedicated to building cutting-edge, scalable <span class="keyword">web applications</span> that fulfill diverse client needs and align with emerging <span class="keyword">technological trends</span>.

Here are some technologies I have worked with recently: